when you use the restroom do it in a
horse stance so you build hip
flexibility while
you just kidding that's silly but by
adding movements throughout the day like
the Deep Squat and then holding it for a
little bit longer than normal while you
I don't know clean or something you
actually do build flexibility and here's
three more movements to try ah this is
the oh no I dropped my pencil just
spread your legs flatten your back hinge
forward feel it right here
ooh oh
oh oh this pencil is really hard to pick
up it feels so good and this is the im a
model stretch you should feel it right
here and you can use just a door frame
are you okay yeah I'm a model and this
is the timeout stretch go to your corner
okay okay
okay yeah if you do these your hips and
your shoulders will get more and more
flexible without a dedicated routine but
if you want a dedicated routin
I have free on stay flexy